  Please report to the front desk, says the cardboard note slipped around the outside knob of my hotel room. It's written in a thick black cursive font, casual enough that I'm not sure if it was handwritten personally for me with a permanent marker in the white box above the hotel's name and logo, or if there's a stack of these in an office somewhere, printed en masse with the same message. I think I often encounter writing like this, and I wish I had the skill to identify handwriting vs. printed writing. It seems like it should be easy and I feel uninformed for not knowing the difference. The rectangle (what are these called?) swings slightly, as though it was hung seconds before I came around the corner. I unlock the door to go in, leaving the... doorknob cozy ...hanging.
  The room doesn't have any particular smell, unless I've already imparted a little of my scent to the place, which I might not be able to detect. I've already been staying in this room for a week or so, and have some dirty laundry in a corner which probably kind of smells like me. I know that I can't smell myself in subtle amounts, but I wonder: can we smell ourselves in concentrated amounts? If a scientist distilled me, or if I went crazy, chopped off a leg, and made an un-seasoned shank roast, would I be able to detect my essence? I think not. I'd probably smell body odor in the first instance, and an unseasoned shank roast in the second. Hopefully, neither of those smells defines me to those who know me. 
  Those celebrities who sell their scents aren't even trying to be awesome about it--- I think it'd be so cool if a lady pop star sold a perfume with the selling point being that the star herself can't smell it. It actually smells like the person's body. The same smell that makes the star's close friends feel comfortable around her, and that mixes with her family and childhood home's smell to make it smell like Christmas, or another indoor family holiday.
  I open my computer, whose hard drive (I would assume) makes a creaky sound, similar to the music my parents' old printer used to make. A two-pitched, mechanical, syncopated rhythm that I could hear from my room when my older brother printed out his homework, and that made me feel tense when I was printing out crude lyrics to songs I'd heard on the radio, afraid that my father might be as alert to the printer's song as I was, come to the computer, and glimpse the words crawl and puff. 
  Speaking of puffing, after its wake-up yawn, my laptop starts to whirr. It's only six or seven years old, but acts middle-aged. It reminds me of a fifty year old lady with wrinkly tattoos and a smoker's wheeze, now that I think about it. And a drug dependence. I'm the drug, by the way. 
  I use the generic word processor, because it doesn't make me think about choosing a font, and especially because it doesn't show me the virtual page to fill up. 

  *****

  The line for the printer at the public library is too long. There's only one printer, in between a coin-op machine and a desktop computer. Two women ahead of me, who I guess to be college students, talk about a professor they share in hushed tones.
  "...wouldn't have taken the course if I'd known how he handles lecture halls," the shorter girl says. "He's got great thoughts, but he's so vague. I can't raise my hand in front of so many other kids to ask him to clarify. Like, what's entropic narcissism? Is that even a thing? Everyone else is so quiet and fucking studious--- I feel like the only stupid klutz in the room that doesn't understand."
  "Oh my God, you're not--- you're not! God, I can't even stay awake. And I sat next to that guy with that sweatshirt, you know, the sweatshirt? Who's always taking tons of notes? I sat next to him yesterday. I always thought he was super smart, because he's always asking stuff like 'Yeah. I understand completely what you're saying about that crap but this freaking crap is a complete contradiction to the points, like, raised in that recent article by that fucking asshole.'" To quote the sweatshirted student, she lowers the pitch of her voice and hunches her shoulders slightly. The effect is funny, and I smile. The shorter girl shakes her head, probably in agreeable exasperation, and her damp hair lets off a beautiful shampooed perfume into my face. "So yesterday, I see that he's writing down everything the teacher says. Like... everything. He's got ink smudges down his hand and, like, his wrist because he can't keep up. And when the teacher takes a breath or something and the kids isn't writing, the kid is, like, shaking. It's fucking weird."
  "So weird!"
  "You know, though, if you stop by his office hours he's so helpful. He laughs and stuff, and remembers your name and stuff. I don't think he takes himself too seriously, which is a relief."
  The girl right in front of me shakes her head again. "Why can't he act like that in class."
  "I think he gets overwhelmed, honestly, and doesn't know how to talk to so many kids at once. He, like, turns off his brain or something and turns into a weird mutant textbook zombie." She sounds protective towards the professor, like the mother of a misunderstood child.
  I don't know what this might be, but it's also funny. I love feeling like how I do now: peaceful and agreeable. Sometimes I hate people for the simple act of conversing in my presence, regardless of what they're saying or how they're saying it. When I feel like this, I hate myself more than I hate them, and want to hibernate until I can wake up a different person. Now, though, thanks to the same chemical arbitrariness that turns me into an aloof jerk sometimes, I feel all right and included. I can imagine being one of these girls. I don't like the guy with the sweatshirt. I want to stop by the professor's office.
  I'm so relieved not to be in college anymore. I like to learn things, but not all at once. I feel like I can only get enthusiastic about one thing at a time, and schooling spreads me too thin. The letter I'm about to print, it feels thick. I didn't write too much, so I don't mean that it's got girth. What I mean is that it has only truths in it. Those truths, plus unwritten hopes, which considered together feel heavy and whole and honest. I wonder how it will be read, if it actually is. Will the hopes be heard?
  When I reach the printer, I sign into the computer as a guest (password: guest1212). It's very slow. Still, I don't feel impatient about this. The slowness of icons to respond to the clicks of the computer mouse feels right, like a nicely bodied wind blowing steadily across a mountain range, if you know what I mean. Eventually, I access my email account and download the document I've sent to myself. I insert a dime into the slot, and facilitate a print. There's only one page. It slides out with the text facing down. I feel as though it won't actually have the sentences that I typed earlier today, but it does. I fold it in half, embarrassed that someone might miraculously read its entirety if I don't hide it quickly enough. When I turn around, there's no one behind me; it turns out that I was the last person in line for the printer. The room I'm in now, which I think houses non-fiction, is all pretty empty, now. I must have come at a rush hour of sorts, and outstayed it.  
  Anyway, I don't know why I always feel like there's someone watching me. Well, I think I do know, but I can't put it into words right now.
  
*****

  I don't want to, because for some reason I feel nervous about it, but I stop by the front desk on my way back to my room. 
  "Hi," I say to the lady behind it, who's wearing a white blouse. 
  She looks up, raises her eyebrows and smiles. "How can I help you?"
  I read somewhere, or thought once, or something, about the role that eyebrows play in communication. Good listeners furrow their brows when listening, and good talkers lift theirs. They can take turns, like a seesaw, or like those hopping guys... Tweedledee and Tweedledum? Both participants should nod a lot. Is that a common rule of thumb, though, or just my own habits interfering with how I think others act? I tend to nod a lot, I've been told. Head-shaking is probably pretty key, too. I should do that more. She keeps her eyebrows raised. I nod.
  "I'm in room two twenty nine. I had a note on my door telling me to talk to you?" She unconsciously lifts her left hand to brush against her name tag, which reads Theresa, still looking at me with raised eyebrows and a smile. After half a beat, she tilts her head to look down at the computer screen facing her and types some swift strokes with her right hand. The position of her left hand on her torso and the angle of her head is really lovely and swan-like. All the same, she reminds me of a stock character in a movie: the airline worker who has no control over the well fare of the travelers (who are either slightly inconvenienced by the airline's bookings or else experiencing some kind of mid-flight catastrophe) and can only say sentences involving the words "shortly," "standard," and "if." They show up in comedies, I think. Probably in real life, sometimes, too. Anyway, she isn't quite like them. Where they have glossy empty eyes and smooth skin, she has a sharp glint in the back of hers and a normal complexion.
  "You," she starts, still typing, "are in 229, and I," she looks up at me with her wide eyes, "don't seem to have anything in here for you. Sorry!" She squints one eye quizzically. "Must have been a misplacement. An error."
  "Oh." The employees of this hotel have an unusual vocabulary. First report, now error. Maybe the person at the top, who owns the majority of the chain's stocks, or something, has their other financial foot in a military realm. Could that sort of thing really trickle down like this?
  "I apologize on the hotel's behalf for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?"
  
*****

  Anyway, it seems strange to leave the cardboard hanging on my door when I go back inside, but I like how it identifies my room from outside. Even though I've been here since last Sunday, when I step out of the stairwell I still have to take a couple seconds to gauge how the room numbers are arranged to find my own. 
  I don't see him right away, because I have to pee really bad. One of my least favorite parts of living in hotel rooms is the proximity of the bathroom to the front door. Combined with the tendency of mid- to high-quality hotels to have doors that can only close at ridiculously leisurely paces, as well with the tendency of my bladder to freak out when I need to pee, this means that more often than not I find myself peeing in a dark bathroom, and sometimes finishing before my front door has even fully closed. There's something titillating and comfortable about it, actually: the crescent of light in the entryway before me slowing eclipses as I wonder if there any hallway roamers, this time, to enjoy the sound of my piss hitting the toilet bowl. There's a good chance at least someone has, because this happens pretty regularly. Familiarity. Patterns, no matter their apparent aesthetic or cultural value, make up the weight of my life and give it a potential for being pleasurable. Either by keeping with habit or breaking it is how I shape every day. This sounds like a given, but it feels like a discovery. A lot of things are like that.
  When I see Louis sitting on the foot of my bed, the opposite is true. This should feel like a shock, to walk into my living space and find a man waiting for me, but instead I feel resigned. Why wouldn't he be here? By a trick of the mind, I feel as though I've been expecting to see him here, now, all morning. If that were true, though, then why did I sprint to the bathroom to pee like a potty-training child, instead of mincing subtly towards the powder room like a civilized adult, after exchanging howdeedoos? Well, I have a retrospective answer for that, if you want. See, maybe I subconsciously want someone to hear me peeing, despite the shame implicit in releasing bodily fluids. It's true that I like being alone, but I want to be alone with someone else there. I like being watched by the unwelcomed (and usually nonexistent) watcher. 
  I'd like to explain myself, and tell him how I think it's kind of funny that I always have to pee and how much I love the free coffee in the hotel lobby, but his mind, of course, is elsewhere. He looks up at me for a moment before speaking. As usual, I feel completely lost in his gaze. I don't know what he wants, and so I don't know what to give him. 

*****

   Maybe, but probably not. 

*****

  He had abruptly stood and gestured for me to follow him out of the room.  I did, and we walked along the hallway, into the stairwell, down the stairs, and emerged in the lobby.  He gestured again and we purposefully entered the small cafe adjacent to the reception desk.

*****

  The wall behind him is a pale blue. Music plays from behind the counter, and a steady murmur of voices fills the air around us.  I’ve decided not to initiate our conversation, he was the one that showed up, after all.  Two coffees are placed quietly on the table, as if the waitress can feel the tension bubbling from the mouths of his sneakers that gape, like the mouths of fish on their backs trying to find water in the air. His shoes make me aware of the breath pushing effortlessly out of my chest, and in through my comparatively puckered nostrils. I don't pity the shoes for their unfortunate resemblance, though, or the nonexistent fish; that sort of squeamish discomfort doesn't accompany the awareness.
  He looks up from the foam of his coffee and stares at either my eyebrows or the bridge my nose, I can’t tell. 
  “I'm not a jerk, and I wish you would stop treating me like I was. I felt like you knew me well, but I don't think you actually do. When I met you you were kind and seemed interested in me. I liked talking to you. Now... I feel like you dislike me. Why are you so cynical about everything?”
  Oh no. This isn't right. I protest, but I have a hard, ashamed feeling under my stomach. I didn't know Louis had thoughts like this; that he could like talking to me or feel disliked by me. Of course he can have these thoughts, though, like anyone else; why shouldn't he be able to? 
"I really don't think you're a jerk. I really... I have no idea who you are. Maybe you're a jerk, but maybe you're not.”
  He looks at me. I still can't tell what he wants. Does he want me to keep talking? There isn't anything else I that I know say, except a direct response to his question. I can't tell him that when I look at him something inside me seizes up. I am weak and lifeless in his presence. When I speak, I sound like someone else.
  He looks up at the chandelier twinkling above us and speaks quietly, disregarding the closure-ish conversation we were about to have.  
  “I’m in love with a girl but I don’t know why. She thinks that if she speaks in nonsense, someone will mistake it for genius. Unfortunately for her, the only people who will mistake it for genius are idiots. That's what she's asking for, so I guess it's not so unfortunate. Perhaps she's an idiot, but it makes you want to be an idiot too. I don’t know what love is, but I love her.”

  Why can't I see him clearly? It's like there are shards of warped glass embedded in my brain, refracting my thoughts and perceptions and actions out at strange angles. 

  He talks to me, but I don't talk from me, or to him. At first I resented him, because everyone loved him, and I wanted to be loved. 
  
  He stays in my head, though I can't remember anything about our interaction except his feet and the way they were positioned towards me and each other. It was as if I was sitting and he was standing, so I had a good angle on them; a photographer would probably have crouched to that same level to get a good shot of the sneakers and their situation. See, where his ankles disappeared and his feet hopefully began, the inner walls of the shoes and the fabric of his socks came together in a rather seductive, soft crease, like two opposing petals in a deeply throated flower. In this way, because the shoes were so loosely laced, the mouths of his sneakers gaped. This is what struck me and stuck him in my head.


*****


  After he leaves, I feel exhausted. I crack open a window as far as it can go. I’ve never been in a hotel that has a window that opens, but I don't identify this oddity until I sit down on the floor underneath it, holding my closed laptop in my lap. It's warm.
  His interference definitely causes problems in my life, yeah, but is there any possibility that it messes things up for him, too? How does the give-and-take for this kind of thing go? Is it all give on my part, and all take on his? I don't think so. He definitely gives me... something. Some kind of purpose, some kind of motivation that I'd be pretty lost without. So it would follow that I also take something, right? I give, he takes, he gives... I take. What do I take? Something valuable to him, or something that he isn't even aware he had to begin with? Or something he wants taken, maybe even something valuable. A gift.
  I can't worry so much about what's going on inside other people. I need to think only about myself, or else everything is going to turn out all skeewhompas. 

*****

  "Eat this." I trust her somehow, so I don't feel too creeped out about the small baggie she folds into my hand. 
  "What is it?" 
  "Nothing," she says. "I'm serious. It's nothing."
  The small rectangular bag is empty except for a little transparent capsule. "I promise I... I might take it," I say, laughing. "Just tell me what it is."
  "It's really nothing." She looks at me, with a flat, certain look in her eye. "It'll help with... stuff."
  "What stuff?"
  She lets out a breath and nods to herself. "Well... Just stuff. Forget about it. I wouldn't notice it, except... See, I have a younger brother." 
  "Oh yeah? What's his name?"
  "Charles."
  "That's a good name."
  "It fits him well. He's well-spoken, but kind of a quiet guy. He's also pretty successful, and makes a lot of money."
  "That's good news," I say. "He sounds nice. I like well-spoken and quiet people."
  "Yeah, me too," she says. "Do you want to get coffee somewhere?"
  "So I can wash down my mystery pill? Sure," I laugh. "I want to hear more about your brother."
  "It's not a mystery pill," she replies. "Hm... I don't know this neighborhood well. You lead the way."
  "I don't know of anywhere. There's free coffee at my hotel, though." I'm half joking, but she shrugs an affirmative and I take her by the arm to lead her down the sidewalk towards the waterfront. 
  "You're staying in a hotel? I thought you lived around here," she says thoughtfully.
  "I told you I'm just passing through," I say. 
  "Oh, yeah." She pauses. "I guess I thought you meant through the bar, as in, you're not a regular there. Where are you from?" 
  "I was born in Portland," I say, "but spent most of my childhood in the half-pretentious, half-hick part of New York.” 
  The mid-morning sunlight has a nice quality to it, as if it contains the slight breeze that is blowing with us as we walk. If there were some more cloud cover, I somehow know that there wouldn't be any wind; not this morning. Both scenarios, the current one and the sun-less, breeze-less alternative, would have the same ideal temperature, I know. I'm wearing a dark blue sweater and feel comfortable, but take it off just because I can, and because I want something to hold. Some mornings are perfect, and I'm certain that they'd retain their perfection even if they were made up of different components. Other mornings are awful and irredeemable; even if something wonderful happens, it will be tinged with rot, like too-ripe fruit.
  My hotel is four or five blocks away, walking along the water. After we've been going for two or three minutes, though, Mei slows and nods towards our left, at a sandwich board propped up along the boardwalk, advertising hot and cold espresso drinks. Behind it sits a brick cafe with shaded windows. A young man exits from the red front door, and a bell rings. 
  "Much better. Good idea," I nod and smile, and we go inside.

  *****

  "I meant it when I said that there's nothing in the capsule I gave you. There's nothing in it. It really is empty space and nothing more."
  "Like, a vacuum?" I asked. "No air?"
  "Nope, no air," she said. "Well, actually, I don't know. Maybe there's air. Maybe it's a vacuum. Either way, it's empty."
  I take it out of my pocket and look at it. It's a little smaller than half of my pinky nail. The surface of it is hard and smooth and clear, but has more give to it than glass. It's texture reminds me of pastel-colored fish oil pills my mother used to eat with her breakfast. I lick it with the tip of my tongue, though, and it doesn't get sticky like it would if it had a gel covering. It's almost a perfect sphere, but slightly oblong. "Huh. So..."
  "So, yeah. I was telling you about my brother. You remind me of him, a little." The be-speckled boy called out our order and puts two white mugs on little platters up on the glass counter. 
  "One second." I put the capsule back in my pocket and fetch them, but Mei takes hers back to the counter after I sit down to get some sugar for her coffee. When she gets back I ask her, "What does he do?" 
  "Charles? He's an engineer."
  "Fancy. Like, electronics?"
  "No, more like... I guess he's an architect. He designs buildings. He used to design bridges. Let's see... He was in charge of, I think, matching up the weight of pavement to metal frames."
  "Careful! Bridge freezes before the rest of the road!"
  "Yeah."
  "Why'd he switch to buildings?"
  "Just because."
  "Hm." 
  "So, I was living with him and his wife for a while, about a decade ago, and his job seemed pretty ideal. He was making good money, enough to support me and Erika---that's his wife---and have nice things, and he only had a three-day workweek. He spent a lot of his free time helping around the house, always fixing something up or rearranging his knickknacks in the garage, so it's not like he had a lot of free time. Strangely, I didn't see him all that often, even though we were both around. I liked being with him, though, because Erika's a talker---a really smart lady; I never figured out why she doesn't work, herself, because she seemed so bored all the time---and I could never get a word in with her. It was funny, though, because then when I'd have some time with Charles, I'd be the one talking his ear off. He is such a good listener. I was going through a weird time, and maybe a little too self-absorbed. Young. 
  "Oh, so... Where am I going with this? Okay: so, he's a good cook, but he didn't cook too often for us because Erika liked to do the grocery shopping to get out of the house and usually ended up making dinner. A couple of times when I was with them, though, Erika would get sad and drive out to spend some time at her mom's house. A few of days. Or maybe just a day. Anyway, I don't cook, and my brother doesn't really like eating out, so he would cook and I would sit in the kitchen with him, and he'd spend a long time chopping and boiling, and all that cooking stuff, toasting or something, and he would talk, and talk, and talk. It was so nice. Growing up, I always wanted to be the perfect, supportive big sister and I would pry him about girls and interests and what he had been up to, and he would always just smile and give me these one word answers, like he wasn't sure what I was asking. I wanted to help him--- give him tips and words of encouragement and warnings. Never works like that, though, I guess." 
  I laugh. "My little brother was like that, too. We were on different frequencies, I think. Age difference."
  "Yeah, Me and Charles, too. Now that we're both grown up, though, we understand each other more. He knows how to answer my questions, though he's still so tight with his words. Like, I ask him about his kids, he has a daughter and a son, now, and he tells me what their favorite books are, but nothing else. I want to know, are they smart? Do they beat up other kids?
  "If I talk to Erika, though, she goes into details. Actually, all she does is tell me what's wrong with them, and what she wishes they would do. So I learn about them that way."
  "Do you see them?"
  Mei paused. "I haven't met either of their kids, no. I don't know why, but I haven't had a chance to go out west since they moved. They're in Washington." She doesn't speak for a moment. I think maybe she feels bad that she hasn't made an effort to visit her brother and his family, even though she's obviously interested in them. 
  "It's a big country," I say, "and not so easy to move around."
  "Maybe. Thank God for technology. I talked to Erika on the phone last week, she called me. This is what she tells me. So, Robert, their nine-year-old, hates sweets and makes Erika feel like a bad mom: she wanted kids who would bring their friends over to eat warm muffins. It's ridiculous. Erika doesn't bake, and Robert apparently doesn't liked baked goods, and somehow this combination is a bad thing. She wishes he would make more friends, too, because he plays with his little sister too much, or something. They don't like swimming. The little sister, Marie--- in the pictures I've seen she's absolutely adorable. She refuses to go to preschool. She takes violin lessons, and practices every day at eleven o'clock sharp, because Erika won't let her practice before then. Erika says, 'God forbid I have a glass or two of wine some night, I'll pay for it the next day. Just as the coffee's wearing off, and I'm finally answering my emails, my meistro whips out her fiddle. She's such a fucking angel, I should have gotten her a harp and saved myself some brain cells.''"
  "She sounds kind of funny."
  "Erika? Yeah, she is. She's got a good sense of humor, but she's pretty miserable. I don't know why. The usual reasons, I guess."
  "You like talking with her?"
  "I guess. She makes me laugh, but she's frustrating. I don't know why she talks to me; we don't have much in common, in my opinion. I guess it's because my brother doesn't communicate well, and doesn't encourage her complaining. I think it makes him sad. So I'm his ears, as far as she's concerned, I guess. Is that strange?"
  "I don't think it's strange, if it keeps them happy."
  "It's not as though I have any relationships of my own to maintain." Mei laughs good-naturedly, then says, "Shit, I've really got to meet those kids."
  "They sound great. Like little adults."
  "They must have gotten it from Charles, in their genes. According to Erika, Charles doesn't spend a lot of time at home what with his job, so it must be in their natures."
  "He designs houses, now?"
  "Yeah, houses, all kinds of buildings. He really loves it, from what I can tell. See, those times, back in their old kitchen when it was just the two of us, he talked a lot about, well, lots of things. Especially, though, he would talk about... about walls, and rivers, and... well, about borders. Yeah, about 'borders,' as a concept. Every kind of border that occurred to him, he tackled it with his words. Maybe that's why I enjoyed those meals so much." 
  "He sounds really interesting."
  "I don't know how to describe it. He talked, slowly but steadily, and laughed, and cooked, and asked my opinion on things, like, let me think... 'If I skin the potatoes before I mash them should I use more or less parsley? What about green onions?" and then 'If you had to, which would you choose: eye contacts, glasses, or eye surgery?' It might sound random, but it wasn't. It was as though his cooking and his words worked together to reach some sort of cohesive conclusion. Every meal was like an essay. A film, actually; there were components parallel to, like, a soundtrack and mise en scene and color themes and a script. His conclusions were cohesive, but definitely elusive. Are those antonyms? Cohesive and elusive? I don't think so. What do you think?"
  "Less parsley, and eye contacts. Green onions could go either way." I lean my chin forward onto my hands and readjust myself in my seat. I feel tired, and want to get another cappuccino. I'm glad that Mei likes to talk so that I can just listen.
  Mei looks to her left contemplatively. "Agreed. I've always wanted glasses, though. With really thick lenses and delicate frames." She tilts back her head and cup to throw back the dregs of her coffee.
  "I think things can be cohesive and elusive, yeah. Oil in water, for one."
  "Good one. Yeah, so that's how those nights were. I wish I could take you back there to show you. Maybe I can think of a good example. One night, he made... Oh, God, I haven't thought about this for years. Once, Erika left to visit her mom on Christmas Day. She had been really tense all morning because... what had happened? Well, I can't remember why. It must have been big, because she didn't come back until New Years Day. Can that be right? 
  "It must be, because Charles cooked on New Years Eve. If Erika had been there we would have gone out to celebrate. We had waffles for dinner, at home, like we did when we were young. See, my parents used to make waffles, with whipped cream and berries and ice cream, and sometimes other breakfast food, every New Years Eve, as part of some tradition on my dad's side. The other part of the tradition was that we were supposed to go out in the street at midnight and bang pots and pans and yell, but we never did that. I would have been so mortified.
  "So, Charles made waffles, and leek soup, and probably some other stuff, too. He added grated orange zest in with most of the waffle batter, to add texture, and all kinds of grains. It was so delicious and creative. And when he made each waffle, he would first pour a very small amount of regular old batter in the exact middle of the iron, close it for half a minute and flip it over, then open it and fill the rest of the iron with his fancy, textured batter." She cups her palms together, then spreads her hands apart to help explain the procedure. Now, she lifts her empty coffee cup from its platter, and takes out the cocktail napkin that was nestled underneath and sets it between us. "Ha! Exactly like this. The circle in the middle, where the cup was pressing down, that's where the regular waffle would be, extra crispy but really fluffy and light. Then here," she circled her finger along the square perimeter of the napkin, "would be the heavy stuff. It was so good."
  "Why did he do it like that?"
  "Well, on his waffles, he would drizzle a little bit of maple syrup in the very middle of his waffle, and be really careful not to get it anywhere else. On the rest of his waffle, he selected all the best blueberries from the box and put each one in its own little square... You know, how waffles look like grids?" 
  I nod. 
  "...And then he'd dust all the blueberries with powdered sugar. And cinnamon in the the middle. It was really pretty."
  "How did you do yours?"
  "Oh, any old way. Some I tried to do like his, but usually I just put whipped cream and blueberries and raspberries over the whole thing. Mm... chocolate chips, too."
  "Delicious."
  "Yeah. And while he was cooking and while we were eating, he talked about containers, and of course about borders. He talked about Erika, and how she bottles up her frustrations sometimes, but she can't do it perfectly. He still knows she's angry, because he can feel this thick, muddled frustration in every word, he just can't trace it to its source. Then, when something trivial happens--- I remember this, because he was cracking eggs into the bowl when he said it ---everything becomes clear and simple and fixable. The problem was never a difficult one, just a difficult one to express, for some reason. Delicate, and even delicious to solve, because it brought them closer together. He ate the core of his waffle first, before it got soggy with syrup, so it was still crispy and hot, because then he could take his time to enjoy the rest of his waffle without worrying about how the middle was getting less delicious with every passing second. I could eat three waffles while he was just eating one, maybe too because he was talking so much."
  "So... he eats his waffles the way that he wishes things with Erika worked?"
  "Yeah, I guess that's so. He worried that Erika wouldn't stick it out with him, for the long run, because the front she puts up was too hard for him to read, and she'd get impatient. She'd leave cracks in it, in her anger, with her words, like little trails that if he looked from the right angle he'd be able to see light through, but he could never find the right angle. No matter how he approached the situation, it'd always turn out that he'd have to wait for her to break all the way for him to get at the meat inside. He wanted to reach in and pluck the whole problem out, without displacing any dirt, but everything he could get a grasp on would break off at the root, if you know what I mean, and Erika would still be festering. 'It's so strange that your mom still sends you socks.' 'What kind of yogurt should I get if I don't want you to eat all of it?' Sending out thin little trails like a spider shooting off bits of web."
  I laugh. "That's not a very favorable comparison." 
  Mei laughs, too. "I guess not. Erika would agree, though, and she'd think its funny, so I don't think I'm being that much of a jerk. Don't get me wrong: I think they're a good couple, even if it doesn't sound ideal. I'm only really scratching the surface with this description.
  "Of course, relationships are complex.
  "Of course. Back then, Charles was worried that he and Erika weren't compatible. He worried about his job. He said that he hated that he made a living making bridges to get across rivers and bodies of water, but he couldn't even bridge the gap between him and his new wife, which meant more to him than making good money. If he didn't make good money, though, he knew that the distance between him and Erika would be even greater. He's pretty clear sighted that way."
  "And now he makes houses."
  "That year, after that New Years, he and Erika moved towards a new job he'd found and I found my own apartment. Charles offered to let me live in their house until they found someone to buy it, because the housing market was at a peak, or slump, or something. It was too big and weird for me to live there alone so they rented it out instead." Mei looks into her empty cup, and then up at me. "So, why are you here, kicking it in a hotel?"
  "I don't know. It's a long story. Work, I guess."
  "Huh."
  I want to say more, but I don't know how to get into it without giving her the wrong impression. Some things are like that. Even if I were to find almost all the right words--- best case scenario---to describe my situation, the two or three that I'd inevitably get wrong could stick and spread like dye in a washer and confuse the whole thing. I know, because something like this happens with most of the friends I almost make, either on my part or on the part of my near-miss's. Now that I think of it, the whole thing can probably be chalked up to a bad attitude on my part, but I don't know how easy it is to change that kind of thing. I don't feel like tackling it now, anyhow.
  "Is it really that long?" Mei pushes. "I just dug in pretty deep for you."
  "True. You didn't finish, though. How am I like Charles? I take that as a compliment and I want to squeeze all the praise I can out of it."
  "Oh, that. Well, I'm not sure if it's a compliment. Charles is great, but he's a strange guy. He told me once that his main motivation for finishing graduate school was so that the media could gossip about how his school---a big one, I won't bother mentioning which one---had given a full ride to someone who turned out to be a mass murderer, or a sensationalized suicide case, or whatever he ended up being once he cracked."
  "Huh. And did he ever crack?"
  "No. I don't think he will. He simmered for a while about some hare-brained things, but he's got a good heart and I think he sorted out his demons, mostly. Having kids really evened him out."
  "So you think I'm a psychopath who should settle down?"
  "Who knows? But no, I don't think you're a psychopath, necessarily. I like you. That wouldn't disclude you from being a psychopath, anyway, but I like you. I guess that's why you remind me of Charles. The other night, while we were talking, I said things that I normally would only say to him. By the way, I owe you this." She fishes a ten dollar bill out of her back pocket and puts it on the table.
  "Really? Why?" 
  "It was mostly why I wanted to see you, my excuse at least. You forgot it on the bar when you left. Well, you didn't forget it, but someone had already paid for our drinks when I closed up our tab, I guess, and I didn't want the bartender to think it was a tip. I didn't like him."
  "Who? Paid, I mean."
  "The bartender said it was on the owner of the place, and to tell you hello, or something like that. I don't know. I was pretty drunk."
  "Strange. I wonder why." I shrug and shake my head, and say, "Thank you!" out into the air around us, to the owner.
  Mei thinks I'm thanking her. "No problem. Well, you kind of treated me to a night out, so thank you. Maybe that's why I wanted to give you that little thing." She pokes her chin and looks towards my pocket where I tucked the baggie. I feel slightly uncomfortable, now, or else I'm just tired and feeling strained. 
  "OK," I say, half-laughing. "I don't... I still don't know what stuff you were talking about."
  "What stuff?"	
  "You said you wanted me to eat it because it'll help with... stuff," pausing intriguingly. 
  "Did I say it like that? ...Stuff. I'm so mysterious. You'd really better forget about it. Don't eat it."
  "So mysterious. Now I kind of want to."
  She shrugs. "If you want to. Nothing will happen."
  "OK." We sit in silence for a couple moments. I've folded her cocktail napkin into a misshapen origami crane, and I push it across the table to her. "I should go."
  "I might stay a little longer. I've got some work papers I brought along with me that I need to mark up before going into the office. Do you know, can I catch a taxi around here?"
  "Maybe near where we met up. The street parallel to this one had a fair amount of traffic." 
  "I'll give it a shot. And, now that I'm thinking of it... I've got a favor to ask before you go."
  "Yeah?"
  "I might need some help with a little thing in the near future. I'm not sure about it all, but can I think of you if I do?"
  "Think away! I'm not so busy and I should be in town for the next couple of days. I owe you for owing me for owing you, probably."
  "Probably not, but I'm glad you think of it that way. How can I get in touch with you?"
  I borrow a pen from the boy at the register and write down my details on the napkin crane that's still lying on the table.

*****

  I don't have anything to do until later tonight, so I stroll back the direction Mei and I had walked from, hoping to catch a whiff of my earlier mood. I don't, but I do happen across a hole-in-the-wall cinema. There's two movies starting at 1:10. The poster for the first one has an actor that I like, then a couple who I actually don't like, all standing in a line with their chins somewhat thrust out. The second movie poster shows a blue and purple atmospheric landscape, with a moon and white cursive text spelling out the title and a catch phrase. Echo: Walking backwards, we rise. It sounds pretty moody and useless. I ask the man behind the counter which he'd recommend. 
  "What genres do you like?" 
  "Romantic comedies are nice, and thrillers. I don't really like slapstick."
  "Slapstick, huh." He thinks for a moment, then prints me a ticket for the Echo movie. "Theatre four, second one on your left." As I thank him and begin to walk away, he says, "The air conditioner's broken in the building, but if it gets too warm I don't mind if you prop open the emergency exit. The alarm's broken, too."
  There is no one else in the theater, and the screen isn't lit. I choose a seat that's slightly right and forward from the center. It's a small room, with only one section of seats, set on a slightly tilted floor. After I sit down, I hear clicking behind me and the screen flickers to a bright yellow-white, goes black, and then begins to haltingly play the movie. 

*****

  For an evening, once, I thought I had a breakthrough revelation about art. You know, ...art. The mystical overflow, that cultural glue, the beauty, the horror. 
  I was walking with a friend from school and her aunt, on the way from a blockbuster movie to a restaurant. It was dusky and cool; grey from the weather and golden from the streetlights. The sidewalks weren't crowded as we walked. It occurred to me, as we talked about the movie, that maybe what distinguishes art from non-art is the lack of currency in its make-up. I thought that maybe art is so cool because no matter how many times I look at a certain thing or listen to a certain thing, its value doesn't diminish. Unlike food, partaking doesn't reduce. I mentioned this, though, and my friend's aunt thought for a while before replying.
  "So what you're saying is that art can't be spent or used up?"
  "Yes? Maybe not." She's a really smart lady and I was worried about sounding like a complete nincompoop, so I opted to sound like a... an uncommitted nincompoop. A nincompoop of many trades. 
  A tinkerpoop, if you will. "Real art," I said, to try to find some solid ground to stand on.
  She laughed, but there was sincere and kind curiosity in her eyes. "What is this real art?" She loves to talk, and is good at exchanging ideas.
  "Like, something created without..." I thought for a moment "... pretension?"
  "Why would someone make something without pretension? Do you mean that art has to be accidental to be... pure?"
  "Exactly! Well... no. Maybe. I don't know if I was thinking about why something was created, but I was just thinking about the--- the results. What happens after it's made and, and distributed." [Does art have to be distributed to be art?]
  She made a thoughtful hmm sound. "How do you feel about French Impressionism?" I nodded, my eyebrows raised earnestly. "Me too. It's beautiful, but, to me, its beauty is somewhat... lost. Everywhere here, every day I see postcards and billboards on buses with Renoir's and Van Gogh's main works, and this--- it tires me. These paintings feel spent, to me." She paused. "Maybe I'm missing your point."
  "No, not at all. I don't know if I have a point. I know what you mean. I--- I feel the same." My youthful eagerness to be agreeable dampened the conversation, and we moved on to other topics. 
  Really, though. People make money off of these works of art, but they're still art, right? Is the je ne sais quoi that makes art into art primarily structural? Is it in the paint, or the grade of film, or the lighting, or the words? Or is it purely... situational? Tied up in time? Is art rhythmic, made up of a push and pull of silence and beat? A tug of war of meaningfulness and meaninglessness whose shadows tilt like the shadows in a windowless room with a lamp swinging from the ceiling? 
  Large, vague questions like this confuse things and make it difficult to know which way to go and what's worth doing. It’s funny because its not like there're any roads to take... being stationary feels like the only option anyway. Anyway, all that ever comes of thinking about art is thinking about myself.  

  Why do I always ask questions that deal with things so far away from my reality? If I was in the art business, I might have an excuse, but at the moment, I'm in a different world.

  Either I'm idealistic and giddy or cynical and cautious. I would like to find a middle ground. Is it too late?
Loving you and being loved is not the ultimate goal. More than that, I need to write something that says perfectly how I feel. Is that possible? Terrible. Everything is a contradiction.

facelessness means a relationship of a certain nature.


*****

I got on her bike and crossed the street, heading east. I realized that for the past week or so, she kept having dreams that her bike tires were flat and flapping against the pavement, barely secured to the rims. I slowed down, looked down and then around, but her tires were fine. She sped up again.
  Once she saw the lake, she realized she’d gone too far and pulled out her notebook [pressed her thumb to her wrist band and held it to her ear?]. Green Line - Mercat Nou - 6? was what she had jotted down [noted to herself?]. It was a little bit past 5 p.m., so she had plenty of time. She turned around and headed back west, then made a right at a light, then made a left at the next one. She heard a train in the distance, and kept pedaling towards the sound, but couldn’t see past the buildings to see if she was heading towards tracks, had passed them, had imagined the rumbling, or what. 
  She pulled over next to a bus shelter and peered towards the map inside, pushing her glasses up on her nose. She had just passed Carrer de Pavia, and was that Carrer de Caceres ahead? No, Carrer de Casteras? She pushed off from the curb, and a car beeped at her, a man’s voice fading as the car sped by. She checked over her shoulder and U’d back around, taking her next left. The tracks loomed overhead, a train lumbered over, and she nodded to herself and turned down the alleyway that shadowed the tracks, braced on either side with rusty steel somethings [I Beams? haha yes ]. Broken glass littered the pockmarked cement, and she gingerly rolled along, standing in the stirrups. 
  She and the tracks reached a main road again, but she wasn’t at Mercat Nou. Tetuan read the green lettering above the station stairs on the corner, and when she checked the light rail map peeling off the side of an adjacent building, she saw that she must have gone too far north. Mercat Nou was one stop back. If she took this street south and went one block east, she should hit the tracks again, she decided, and pushed off again.
  Alas, the next stop she found, after not one left, but two lefts and a right, was Ciutadella, which made no sense. Where had the track looped and lost her? She’d skipped ahead two stops, and the tracks heading back towards the Tetuan stop sailed over a chain link fence that kept her out of some apartment’s asphalt backyard and blocked her way to following the tracks towards her destination. 
  By the time she found her way back to the Tetuan stop, she’d half given up, cheerful but perplexed, and locked up her bike. She repentantly bought a train ticket from the machine halfway up the stairs, and was more amazed than she should have been that it took only 30 seconds until she’d alit at the Mercat Nou stop. She glanced at some guy’s watch and saw that she was still 10 minutes early to meet Isaac and by the time they’d eaten, the sky/city was dark and he led her by foot, from street lamp to street lamp, back to her bike, despite her impression that the three-block-wide neighborhood around the train station had been enclosed in chain link fences. 
 "" '" "" " '" " " " "
